README.md, before:

# Make HTML
> Generate the bench website https://coq-bench.github.io/.

[![website screenshot](https://github.com/coq-bench/make-html/raw/master/pictures/website_screenshot.png)](https://coq-bench.github.io/)

## Generate the HTML
Install Ruby and download the benchmarks database to `../database/`:

    curl -L https://github.com/coq-bench/database/archive/master.tar.gz |tar -xz
    mv database-master ../database

Generate the HTML files to `html/`:

    make

View the generated HTML on [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080/):

    make serve

## Post on Gitter
[![Gitter screenshot](https://github.com/coq-bench/make-html/raw/master/pictures/gitter_screenshot.png)](https://gitter.im/coq/opam-bench-reports)

To send a summary of the results of the last bench iterations in the past `nb_hours` hours to a Gitter room (like in [coq/opam-bench-reports](https://gitter.im/coq/opam-bench-reports)):

    sudo gem install ruby-gitter
    ruby push_to_gitter.rb database_path token_path room_name nb_hours

Commit message:

Add a script to send results on Zulip

README.md, after:

# Make HTML
> Generate the bench website https://coq-bench.github.io/.

[![website screenshot](https://github.com/coq-bench/make-html/raw/master/pictures/website_screenshot.png)](https://coq-bench.github.io/)

## Generate the HTML
Install Ruby and download the benchmarks database to `../database/`:

    curl -L https://github.com/coq-bench/database/archive/master.tar.gz |tar -xz
    mv database-master ../database

Generate the HTML files to `html/`:

    make

View the generated HTML on [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080/):

    make serve

## Post on Zulip
To send a summary of the results of the last bench iterations in the past `nb_hours` hours to a Zulip stream (like in [coq/coq-bench-for-opam](https://coq.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/237656-Coq-devs.20.26.20plugin.20devs/topic/coq-bench.20for.20opam)):

    sudo pip install zulip
    ruby push_to_zulip.rb ../database coq-opam-bench-bot@zulipchat.com zulip-token "Coq devs & plugin devs" "coq-bench for opam" 3

This will send a report for the last `3` hours, using the bot `coq-opam-bench-bot@zulipchat.com`. The file `zulip-token` must contain the corresponding token for the bot.

## Post on Gitter (deprecated)
[![Gitter screenshot](https://github.com/coq-bench/make-html/raw/master/pictures/gitter_screenshot.png)](https://gitter.im/coq/opam-bench-reports)

> The Gitter Coq channel now moved on Zulip.

To send a summary of the results of the last bench iterations in the past `nb_hours` hours to a Gitter room (like in [coq/opam-bench-reports](https://gitter.im/coq/opam-bench-reports)):

    sudo gem install ruby-gitter
    ruby push_to_gitter.rb database_path token_path room_name nb_hours
